Meeting Minutes
Date: 2/5/2025 5:30 pm
Attendees: Natalia Lubskaya ,Yevgeniy M, Isaac Mayala
Meeting Agenda: 
  Review proposed project and agree on it. 
  Assign responsibilities
  Determine project scope and website architecture.
  Review color pallet for use on the site.
  ==========================================
Summary: 
  We defined what roles are needed, its purpose, and which member will fulfill the role. 
  The action items outline completed, everyone know his/her responsibility for the next stage of the project.
  ===========================================
The roles are as follows:
  Repo Admin: Host and admin the project: Natalia Lubskaya
    Access provided
    All team members tested access and confirmed
Secretary: Natalia Lubskaya
  Take minutes and post them in the repo in HTML format
Topics covered:
  Team sync meeting time: weekly Wed 5:30 pm.
  And Slack for communication as needed.
  Agreed on the project audience and consider design and look and feel.
Action Items:
  Yevgeniy: Editing the project details file on agreed project concept. - 02/09/25
  Agreed on the design concept and pages group. -02/05/25 
  Yevgeniy: set up main site pages in team repo base on the project draft-by 02/09/25
  Isaac: Work on the footer/header- deliver sample by 02/09/25 
  Natalia: calendar page, get images for the site (shop, gallery), upload to the group folder -by 02/09/25
  Everyone will pick colors palette for UI -by 02/09/25

////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
Meeting Minutes
Date: 2/12/2025 5:30 pm
Attendees: Natalia Lubskaya ,Yevgeniy M, Isaac Mayala
Meeting Agenda: 
  Sync on the project and Ideas 
  ==========================================
Summary: 
We review the samples and options for color and images, consider the home page layout first test and navigation.  Agree to meet following week after midterms to review navigation from the point of new experience
  ===========================================
The roles are as follows:
Deadline: 02/19/25
Natalia- add more images to the group folder for future use
Yvgeniy â€“ continue work on frame for the common pages 
Isaac- make updates to CSS from feedback
//////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
Meeting Minutes
Date: 2/19/2025 5:30 pm
Attendees: Natalia Lubskaya ,Yevgeniy M, Isaac Mayala
Meeting Agenda: 
Review next group assignment and assign R & R
  ==========================================
Summary: team meet and review the group assignment and agreed on responsibilities and task delegation for everyone in the project.  We set up new git account for the project and agreed on follow up time to finalize it 
  ===========================================
The roles are as follows:
Deadline: 02/21/25
New Git team folder and access set up- Yvgeniy 
Site structure set up- Natalia /Yvgeniy 
Placeholder pages created- Yvgeniy / Natalia
CSS set up -Natalia
CSS finalized- Yvgeniy/ Isaac
Navigation links updated- Natalia
Add sample for JS script, test, validate  Yvgeniy/ Isaac / Natalia
Run final validation on the pages- Isaac 
Updated and provide meeting notes - Natalia




 
  
